# -Bottega-di-Bacco-WineShop-Website
La Bottega di Bacco is a website that allows you to buy bottles of wine. The design phase began with a participatory design session, including a number of possible users, including seller and customer. In this phase, starting from the information collected and from the analysis of pre-existing sites operating in the same field ( https://www.bernabei.it/vino-online), the site structure was defined, and then the mockups were realized. The structure emerged provides for the presence of a catalog divided into categories, also was inserted a system of product search and display on the homepage of a selection of the latest arrivals on the site and recommended for the user. The interaction with users, after the validation of the mockups, continued throughout the development phase to get timely feedback about the evolution of the site. The design was carried out in such a way as to make the site usable for a large group of users, however, to fully exploit its potential, it is required to know, even limited, the domain. In particular, we focused primarily on ease of understanding and use, making the various operations quick and intuitive. The user can register on the site and then access it by login with credentials. At the time of registration the passwords are encrypted. Each user can also buy bottles of wine from different sellers and can track his or her order. A seller who receives the customer’s orders can send the requested bottle he has entered. A notification system has also been set up. Each customer can see a list of products, while for a seller you can place products in the cart without having to view the complete product sheet, this clearly requires knowledge of the product itself.
